add a few words about removing team AWS accounts (#128)
alphagov/re-team-manual: source/documentation/automate-on-call-interruptible.md

Main article: [GDS AWS Account Management
Service](https://re-team-manual.cloudapps.digital/gds-aws-account-management-service.html)

> 

Reviewer: should rename the header on line 253 to be like 'AWS Accounts'

> ### Deleting AWS (team) Accounts no longer required

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what `(team)` means here. Can we get rid of it or reword it?

Author: Yes, I agree. Came from use of the word on the Request an AWS account page. Removed.

> If the account points to the "aws-root-accounts" email address, then GDS staff who have access to the safe and membership of the 'aws-root-accounts' google group can remove the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the account uses the `aws-root-accounts@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk` email address, then GDS staff who have access to the safe and membership of the `aws-root-accounts` google group can remove the account.
```

> If it does not point to the root account email address, the originating team should remove.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it uses a different email address, the account can only be removed by someone with access to that email address.
```

> If it uses a different email address, the account can only be removed by someone with access to that email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it uses a different email address, the account can only be removed by someone with access to that email address and associated MFA secret.
```
